- [Instructor] From this point forward in the course,
we'll be working on a small project that will migrate an API
created for the H Plus Sport Company
from Java 8 to Java 11.
H Plus Sport is a fictional company
that provides nutrition and clothing products
for an active lifestyle.
On their website, we can see some of the products
that they offer.
The API that we're going to be building
will create endpoints that provide information
that can be queried about these products
and recommendations for customers
that may be interested in other products.
We're going to take a look at the project
by importing it into our Eclipse IDE.
To do that, go to File and then navigate to Import,
and then within this dialog,
select the Existing Maven Projects option and hit Next.
We'll then hit the Browse button
and navigate to the Exercise Files directory
for the course.
And then we can open the Exercise Files for this lesson,
which contain the API project.
Once we've selected that, we'll hit Select Folder,
and then all we need to do is hit Finish.
Now, after the project imports,
the first thing you'll notice
is that it's currently using Java 8.
We'll be working to change that and make it run on Java 11.
Within the packages for the API,
you'll find the product controller,
which exposes the product endpoint
that allows us to provide a product ID
in order to query information regarding a product,
and you'll also see the recommendation controller.
The recommendation controller exposes
a recommendation endpoint
that allows us to get similar products
to the product ID that we provide to the endpoint.
Now, if we want to run the application,
all you need to do is right click
on the HplusSportApiApplication class,
and then go to Run As, and then Java Application.
We can see the application's launching,
so I'm going to go back to a browser
and here we're just going to put in
localhost8080/product/500,
and this will retrieve the information
regarding the product with the product ID 500.
Okay, excellent.
It looks like our API's up and running
and now we can start the migration to Java 11.